README.md, before:

# Student_Management_System

## Installation Guide

### Prerequisites

- Python **3.9 or higher** (3.12 recommended)
- Git installed

---

### Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zombieTDV/Student-Management-System.git
```

```bash
cd Student-Management-System
```

### Step 2: Create Virtual Environment

```bash
python -m venv .venv
```

Activate the virtual environment:

- On Windows (PowerShell):

```bash
  .venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
```

- On macOS/Linux:

```bash
  source .venv/bin/activate
```

---

### Step 3: Install the Project

Development mode (recommended):

```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
```

Runtime only (minimal install):

```bash
pip install -e .
```

---

### Step 4: Run the Application

- Run the shim launcher at project root:

```bash
  python main.py
```

---

## Contributing

We use pre-commit hooks to enforce style and quality checks (black, flake8, etc.).

### Setup pre-commit

```bash
pip install pre-commit
```

```bash
pre-commit install
```

Now, checks will run automatically before each commit.
To run them manually on all files:

```bash
pre-commit run --all-files
```

Our configuration lints all .py files in src/, tests/, and the project root (e.g. main.py).

---

## Development Notes

- Project follows the src/ layout (src/casey/ contains all source code).
- Root-level main.py is a thin shim for quick running in VS Code.
<!-- - For production/packaging, use `python -m casey.cli.menu` or the `casey` CLI entry point. -->

Commit message:

fix: rollback pip to version 25.2 due to incompatibility error
docs: add note about pip version in README.md

chore: update requirements.txt with additional content

feat: add print("Hello world!") to main.py

README.md, after:

# Student_Management_System

## Installation Guide

### Prerequisites

- Python **3.9 or higher** (3.12 recommended)
- Git installed

---

### Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zombieTDV/Student-Management-System.git
```

```bash
cd Student-Management-System
```

### Step 2: Create Virtual Environment

```bash
python -m venv .venv
```

Activate the virtual environment:

- On Windows (PowerShell):

```bash
  .venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
```

- On macOS/Linux:

```bash
  source .venv/bin/activate
```

---

### Step 3: Install the Project

Development mode (recommended):

```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
```

Runtime only (minimal install):

```bash
pip install -e .
```

---

### Step 4: Run the Application

- Run the shim launcher at project root:

```bash
  python main.py
```

---

## Contributing

We use pre-commit hooks to enforce style and quality checks (black, flake8, etc.).

### Setup pre-commit

```bash
pip install pre-commit
```

```bash
pre-commit install
```

Now, checks will run automatically before each commit.
To run them manually on all files:

```bash
pre-commit run --all-files
```

Our configuration lints all .py files in src/, tests/, and the project root (e.g. main.py).

---

## Development Notes

-Use pip==25.2.3 to ensure compatibility with pip-tools 7.5.1
